*Energy Bill’s Proposed Daylight-Savings-Time Change Is Untimely*
_Language Ignores Realities of Fixing Software Nationally and
Internationally_

*McKinleyville, CA – June 29, 2005 –* The Energy Policy Act of 2005 as
passed by the House of Representatives contains a potentially costly
“energy saving” provision regarding daylight savings time. It calls for
a change in start and end dates of daylight savings time (DST) observed
in the United States, with the new DST period stretching from March to
November. This change would take effect in March 2006 if the House
language prevails over Senate language, which does not contain the
extension.

“It’s not a matter of whether the proposal is right or wrong. It’s a
matter of practicality,” noted Dave Thewlis, Executive Director of the
Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium. “Members of the Consortium
suggest a simple delay of the effective date to insure that calendar
and +
scheduling vendors and consumers have ample time to prepare for any
changes.”

If the House language survives, software and hardware calendaring and
scheduling products based on the Internet Engineering Task Force’s
(IETF) iCalendar standard will need to be changed. Users of such
products—universities, companies of all sizes, and many other types of
organizations—as well as their suppliers will face a major challenge:

• Vendors may be unable to issue “patches” to the problem in so short a
time, and if they did, their customers—with millions of end users—may be
unable to deploy those fixes in so short a time.

• As a corollary, organizations in the U.S. that depend on such products
could have great difficulty in making the necessary changes to remain
synchronized with colleagues outside of the US.

“The proposed change generally affects any calendaring and scheduling
product whether or not it’s based on the iCalendar standard,” added
Thewlis. “Anything that keeps a calendar, including cell phones, is
potentially affected. Many embedded environmental systems such as
building management systems, time-lock control, work-shift and time
clocks, may also be affected. The problem will also affect any division
the U.S. government itself that depends on a software or hardware
calendaring solution.”

Documents addressing the issues for both US and international users are
posted at the Consortium website ([.underline]#www.calconnect.org#).

*The Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium*

The Consortium focuses on the interoperable exchange of calendaring and
scheduling +
information between dissimilar programs, platforms, and technologies.
The mission is to provide mechanisms to allow calendaring and scheduling
methodologies to interoperate, to promote understanding of these
methodologies, and to enable calendaring and scheduling tools and
applications to enter the mainstream of computing. Members are
California State University (Fresno), Carnegie Mellon University,
Dartmouth College, Duke University, EVDB, Isamet, Jet Propulsion
Laboratory, Meeting Maker, M.I.T., The Mozilla Foundation, Novell, Open
Source Application Foundation, Oracle Corporation, Rensselaer
Polytechnic Institute, Stanford
