*IBM Joins Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium* +
_Use of Calendaring Standards in IBM Lotus Notes Boosts CalConnect’s
Momentum_

*McKinleyville, CA – October 24, 2005 –* The Calendaring and Scheduling
Consortium ([.underline]#www.calconnect.org#) announced today that IBM
has joined the Consortium, with the expressed i[.underline]#ntent of
working wit#h other members to end the complexity, ambiguity, and lack
of +
interoperability related to current calendaring standards. With its
Lotus Notes products, IBM pioneered calendaring tools in the enterprise
environment and led the initial development of the iCalendar standard, a
key point of focus for CalConnect’s interoperability events, held three
times a year.

Today, users enjoy seamless interoperability with telephone and email
tools. CalConnect is pursuing a similar goal in the area of calendaring
and scheduling that will allow users to send invitations, view available
time slots and accept and add invitations to their calendars, regardless
of the technology used by individual parties or organizations. As a
widely recognized supporter of open standards, IBM's participation will
help drive this development forward, ultimately providing organizations
with ability to select the calendaring and scheduling options that best
suit their individual needs.

“Our members’ intent is to enable calendaring and scheduling tools and
applications to enter the mainstream of computing,” said Dave Thewlis.
“IBM’s participation will help us reach that goal, which we aim to
achieve in the next few years.”

“This is the next logical step to ensure our LotusNotes and IBMWorkplace
calendar +
functionality meets the ongoing needs of our customers,”said Chris
Stoner, Project Leader for Lotus Notes, Mail Calendaring and Scheduling,
IBM. “With this membership, IBM will continue to lead revisions to the
standards and promote industry cooperation and interoperability.”

*The Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium
([.underline]#www.calconnect.org#)*

The Consortium focuses on the interoperable exchange of calendaring and
scheduling +
information between dissimilar programs, platforms, and technologies.
The mission is to provide mechanisms to allow calendaring and scheduling
methodologies to interoperate, to promote understanding of these
methodologies, and to enable calendaring and scheduling tools and
applications to enter the mainstream of computing. Organizational
members include California State University (Fresno), Carnegie Mellon
University, Dartmouth College, Duke University, EVDB, IBM, Jet
Propulsion Laboratory, Meeting Maker, M.I.T., The Mozilla Foundation,
Novell, Open Source Application Foundation, Oracle Corporation,
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Stanford University, Symbian, Trumba,
UC Berkeley, University of Washington, University of Wisconsin Madison,
and Yahoo! Inc. Launched December 2004, the Consortium will hold a
series of interoperability testing events, Roundtables and Technical
Committee meetings to achieve its objectives within a five-year time
frame.
