____
*Trumba Joins Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium*

*Seattle, WA and McKinleyville, CA – October 24, 2005–* The Calendaring
and Stium ([.underline]#www.calconnect.org#) announced today that
Trumba +
() has j[.underline]#oined the Consortium#. Trumba’s OneCalendar is a
leading oplication that focuses on helping people and organizations
share event information in an open and flexible way. In becoming a
member of the consortium, Trumba affirms its commitment to providing an
application that helps people stay connected regardless of the type of
calendar they use.

“Since our beginning, we have approached calendaring with the point of
view that people should be able to communicate event information to
others even if they don’t share the same calendaring system,” said Ted
Johnson, Vice President Products, Trumba. “We are excited to work with
the Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium to make our vision of
connected calendaring a reality for all Internet users.”

“The intent of our organization is to increase calendar and schedule
interoperability so that so that these applications and tools can enter
the mainstream of computing,” said Dave Thewlis, Executive Director of
the Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium.

“Trumba’s participation moves us closer to our goal.”

*About Trumba OneCalendar*

Trumba OneCalendar is an online calendar service that provides
publishing tools that enable users to easily share event information
with others. Organizations as broad as museums, newspapers, schools,
churches and businesses are already using OneCalendar to publish event
information as Web pages and through email. Visitors to calendars
published through OneCalendar can add event information to their
personal calendars with the click of a button, making it easier to
schedule their own lives and stay connected to the organizations they
care about.

*The Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium
([.underline]#www.calconnect.org#)*

The Consortium focuses on the interoperable exchange of calendaring and
scheduling information between dissimilar programs, platforms, and
technologies. The mission is to provide mechanisms to allow calendaring
and scheduling methodologies to interoperate, to promote understanding
of these methodologies, and to enable calendaring and scheduling tools
and applications to enter the mainstream of computing. Organizational
members include California State University (Fresno), Carnegie Mellon
University, Dartmouth College, Duke University, EVDB, IBM, Jet
Propulsion Laboratory, Meeting Maker, M.I.T., The Mozilla Foundation,
Novell, Open Source Application Foundation, Oracle Corporation,
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Stanford University, Symbian, Trumba,
UC Berkeley, University of Washington, University of Wisconsin Madison,
and Yahoo! Inc. Launched December 2004, the Consortium will hold a
series of +
interoperability testing events, Roundtables and Technical Committee
meetings to achieve its objectives within a five-year time frame.

*Trumba ()* +
Trumba wber 2003 to help connect people and communities through the
events they share by creating a new type of connected calendar, Trumba +
OneCalendar. Trumba OneCalendar is available by subscription for $39.95
annually and is offered as a free trial online calendar. Trumba is
privately held and venture funded by the founders and venture capital
firal and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. For more information, visit
.

For more information: +
Erika Shaffer, SutherlandGold Group for Trumba, 415-934-9600, ext 309,
erika@sutherlandgold.com
____
