____
*Four More Open-Standards Companies, One University Join CalConnect* +
_Princeton, Scalix, Sun Microsystems, Synchronica, Zimbra Add Clout To
Fast-Growing_

_Consortium_

*McKinleyville, CA – May 21, 2007–* The Calendaring and Scheduling
Consortium (www.CalConnect.org) has announced that Princeton University,
Scalix Corporation, Sun Microsystems, Synchronica Plc, and Zimbra, Inc.
have joined the membership, bringing the young organization to 35
companies, universities, and research facilities. All new vendor members
participated in CalConnect’s recently concluded Roundtable—the group’s
ninth—hosted by The Boeing Company. Two of the new members also +
participated in the Interoperability Testing Event held in conjunction
with the +
Roundtable.

“The commonality among all of our member companies is their support of
and increasing reliance on non-propriety protocols and implementation of
open standards in calendaring and scheduling solutions,” noted Dave
Thewlis, Executive Director of CalConnect.

For additional information on these companies, visit www.scalix.com**,**
www.sun.com**,** www.synchronica.com**,** and www.zimbra.com**.** The
Princeton University site is www.princeton.edu.

CalConnect membership is open to vendors, open source organizations,
academic institutions, customers, standards-setting organizations, and
consulting organizations.

*The Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium (www.calconnect.org)* +
The Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium (CalConnect) is a partnership
among vendors, developers, and customers to advance calendaring and
scheduling standards and implementations. The mission is to provide
mechanisms to allow calendaring and scheduling methodologies to
interoperate, and to promote broad understanding of these methodologies
so that calendaring and scheduling tools and applications can enter the
mainstream of computing. The Consortium develops recommendations for
improvement and extension of relevant standards, develops requirements
and use cases for calendaring and scheduling specifications, conducts
interoperability testing for calendaring and scheduling implementations,
and promotes calendaring and scheduling. Organizational members are
Apple, Boeing, Carnegie Mellon, Dartmouth, Duke University, Eventful,
Fresno State, Google, IBM, Jet Propulsion Lab, Kerio Technologies,
Marware, MIT, Mozilla Foundation, New York University, Novell, Open
Source Applications +
Foundation, Oracle, PeopleCube, Princeton University, Rensselaer
Polytechnic Institute, Rockliffe, Scalix, Stanford University, Sun
Microsystems, Symbian, Synchronica, TimeBridge, Trumba, UC Berkeley,
University of Chicago, University of Washington, University of
Wisconsin, Yahoo! Inc., Zimbra.
____
