____
*Penn Joins CalConnect* +
_Collaboration Aimed at Advancing Calendar Interoperability_

*McKinleyville, CA -- October 16, 2007 --* The Calendaring and
Scheduling Consortium (www.CalConnect.org) has announced that the
University of Pennsylvania +
(www.upenn.edu) has joined the membership, bringing the young
organization to 37 companies, universities, and research facilities.

“Key online activities like exchanging email and using the web work so
well because the protocols and the applications that implement them are
inherently interoperable. You

don't have to know what email program someone uses in order to send them
email,” said Deke Kassabian, Senior Technology Director at the
University of Pennsylvania. “Selective calendar sharing and
sophisticated scheduling - whether on desktops, laptops, or mobile
handhelds - has the potential to be that way, too. I think the goal of
achieving interoperability places CalConnect and its member
organizations on the right path.”

“The commonality among all of our member companies is their support of
and increasing reliance on non-propriety protocols and implementation of
open standards in calendaring

and scheduling solutions,” noted Dave Thewlis, Executive Director of
CalConnect. “Calconnect's focus is on interoperability and open
standards are the key.”

CalConnect membership is open to vendors, open source organizations,
academic institutions, customers, standards-setting organizations, and
consulting organizations.

*The Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium (www.calconnect.org)* +
The Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium (CalConnect) is a partnership
among vendors, developers, and customers to advance calendaring and
scheduling standards and implementations. The mission is to provide
mechanisms to allow calendaring and scheduling methodologies to
interoperate, and to promote broad understanding of these methodologies
so that calendaring and scheduling tools and applications can enter the
mainstream of computing. The Consortium develops recommendations for
improvement and extension of relevant standards, develops requirements
and use cases for calendaring and scheduling specifications, conducts
interoperability testing for calendaring and scheduling implementations,
and promotes calendaring and scheduling. Organizational members are
Apple, Boeing, Carnegie Mellon, Dartmouth, Duke University, Eventful,
Fresno State, Google, IBM, Kerio Technologies, Marware, MIT, Mozilla
Foundation, New York University, Novell, Open Connector Groupware, Open
Source Applications Foundation, Oracle, PeopleCube, Princeton
University, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Rockliffe, Scalix, Sony
Ericsson, Stanford University, Sun Microsystems, Symbian, Synchronica,
TimeBridge, Trumba, UC Berkeley, University of Chicago, University of
Michigan, University of Pennsylvania, University of Washington,
University of +
Wisconsin, Yahoo! Inc., Zimbra.
____
