*CalConnect to Hold Timezone Workshop at Microsoft* +
_Registration Limited to 30; Presentations from Affected Industry
Sectors Invited_

The Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium () has opened registration for
a one-day workshop on timezone implementatio information technology, and
how it can be improved. The workshop will be held Tuesday, February 3,
2009, from 0830-1730, hosted by Microsoft in Redmond, Washington.
Registration is limited to 30 people. There is no charge for attendance,
but interested parties must request an invitation, to ensure a balance
of interests in the limited space.

“This workshop is intended for parties with an interest in timezones,
how they are currently implemented and managed, and what to do about
them in the future,” said Dave Thewlis, Executive Director of
CalConnect. “We want to attract representatives of other industry and
technology areas to gain a broad perspective on the problems with
timezones as implemented today, and the relevance of our proposed
direction.”

“We invite those representatives to contribute problem statements and
use cases, and offer topical presentations on the issues their
industries face,” Thewlis continued.

The lack of a standardized timezone registry and service has led to
significant problems for vendors and users alike. A recent example is
the widespread impact of, and changes required to implement, Extended
Daylight Savings Time in the United States in 2007.

Among these problems are +
•No good way for applications to detect timezone definition changes.

•No standard definition for timezones, causing interoperability issues.

•Need for clients to store huge amounts of timezone information, due to
the lack of a standard repository.

•Need to send timezone related information with any time data.

CalConnect members are working on and promoting the development of
standards and services to address this pressing need. This workshop is
intended to inform consumers of timezone data from a variety of
industries and areas on CalConnect’s approach, and to develop consensus
on an approach acceptable to all.

To request an invitation to the event, go to

CalConnect has established a public discussion list tos in advance of
the workshop. Go to for more information and to sign up

*The Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium (www.calconnect.org)* +
The Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium (CalConnect) is a partnership
among vendors, developers, and customers to advance calendaring and
scheduling standards and +
implementations. The mission is to provide mechanisms to allow
calendaring and scheduling methodologies to interoperate, and to promote
broad understanding of these methodologies so

that calendaring and scheduling tools and applications can enter the
mainstream of computing.

The Consortium develops recommendations for improvement and extension of
relevant standards, develops requirements and use cases for calendaring
and scheduling specifications, conducts interoperability testing for
calendaring and scheduling implementations, and promotes calendaring and
scheduling. Organizational members are Apple, Cabo Communications,
Carnegie Mellon, Dartmouth, Duke University, Eventful, Fresno State,
Google, IBM, Kerio Technologies, MailSafe, Microsoft, Mozilla
Foundation, neutralSpace, New York University, Oracle, Patricia Egen
Consulting, PeopleCube, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Scalix, Sony
Ericsson, Stanford University, Stockholm University, Sun Microsystems,
SWAMI (Swedish Alliance for Middleware Infrastructure), Symbian,
Synchronica, TimeBridge, University of California, University of
Chicago, University of Michigan, University of Pennsylvania, University
of Washington, University of Wisconsin, Yahoo!/Zimbra.
