---
layout: page
title:  Roundtable III hosted by Duke University concludes
type: news
date: 2005-06-30
categories: press-releases
excerpt: |
  CalConnect Roundtable III at Duke University, 1-3 June, 2005, has
  concluded.
---
:page-liquid:

*June 30, 2005* +
*Roundtable III Publicity Release*: The publicity release issued by the
Consortium following Roundtable III at Duke University, 1-3 June, 2005:
link:{{'/docs/press-releases/050630roundtableinterop3.pdf' | relative_url }}[Roundtable/CalConnect Interoperability Event Publicity Release].

*CalConnect Interop Makes Progress Solving Web-related Calendaring
Problems* _Participants Cite Specific Value in Terms of Product
Development_

*June 30, 2005 –* The Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium +
() today announced the results of its fourth interoperability testing
event and r at Duke University. Participants were Isamet, The Mozilla
Foundation, Novell, Oracle, and Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI),
who tested against the current draft of the CalDAV specification of the
Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF). CalDAV is a proposal for a
standard protocol to enable calendar access via WebDAV.

“CalConnect remains on target in realizing our mission before 2010,”
said Dave Thewlis, Executive Director of the Consortium. “Participants
at the latest Interop have articulated practical results that move
Calendaring and Scheduling products toward interoperability.”

Below are organization-specific statements from participants about the
importance of this Interop and how the strides made through Calconnect
activities are shaping product development:

*ISAMET* +
“ISAMET tested its desktop client Mulberry (currently released with
CalDAV support enabled), a mobile J2ME client and a server, in the
CalDAV interop event hosted by Calconnect. We found the event extremely
useful in helping us improve our products. A number of issues were found
and fixed during the course of the event and we were pleased with the
level of +
interoperability between our products and those of other participants.
We intend to be present at the next interop event in September,” stated
Cyrus Daboo, ISAMET CTO.

*Mozilla* +
“The Interop allowed Mozilla to sort out a large number of CalDAV
implementation issues in real time, which is something that no other
forum provides,” said Dan Mosedale, mozilla.org Software Engineer.

*Novell* +
“Open standards exist for remote access to mail and address book stores,
but to date there has not been a successful standard for calendar
access. We firmly believe CalDAV fills that gap, and that is why the
Hula project makes calendar data available via CalDAV today,” said Nat
Friedman, vice president of desktop and collaboration engineering for
Novell. “Novell has a firm +
commitment to interoperability, standards and open source, and we see
the CalDAV standard as an important advancement for collaboration
software.”

*Oracle* +
“These are exciting times. Within the last nine months, under the
umbrella of the CalDAV initiative and interop events like these, more
progress has been made toward the development of a truly usable
Calendaring and Scheduling standard than in the last nine years. Coupled
with the rapid growth in the number of participating vendors and the
ease of implementation of the new protocol, this paints an encouraging
picture for Calendar interoperability in the near future,” said Francois
Perrault, Senior Manager, Product Management, Oracle Collaboration
Suite. “Oracle is especially motivated by the value an open standard
will bring to web-based Calendaring and

Scheduling for our customers. Interoperability will enable delivery of a
wider range of time management services through virtually any calendar
client and through numerous application interfaces.”

*RPI* +
“As relatively new members of CalConnect, the most recent Calconnect
interop well exceeded our expectations. The interop allowed us to test
the interoperability of RPI’s own CalDAV (Calendar Server Extensions for
WebDAV) server while we are still developing it. But perhaps more
importantly, the opportunity to do this testing collegially and
collaboratively with the industry leaders in calendaring and scheduling
who are shaping and defining the CalDAV standards is something uniquely
afforded by CalConnect membership. The CalConnect mission is genuinely
advanced, to the benefit of both users and developers, through these
interops,” said Gary Schwartz, Director, Communication & Collaboration
Technologies.

*The Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium* ()

The Consortium focuses on the interoperable exchange of calendaring and
scheduling +
information between dissimilar programs, platforms, and technologies.
The mission is to provide mechanisms to allow calendaring and scheduling
methodologies to interoperate, to promote understanding of these
methodologies, and to enable calendaring and scheduling tools and
applications to enter the mainstream of computing. Members are
California State University (Fresno), Carnegie Mellon University,
Dartmouth College, Duke University, EVDB, Isamet, Jet Propulsion
Laboratory, Meeting Maker, M.I.T., The Mozilla Foundation, Novell, Open
Source Application Foundation, Oracle Corporation, Rensselaer
Polytechnic Institute, Stanford University, Symbian, UC Berkeley,
University of Washington, University of Wisconsin Madison, and Yahoo!
Inc. Launched December 2004, the Consortium will hold a series of
interoperability testing events, Roundtables and Technical Committee
meetings to achieve its objectives within a five-year time frame.

Media Contact Consortium Contact Maryann Karinch Dave Thewlis
970-577-8500 707-840-9391


