---
layout: page
title:  CalConnect, OASIS Team Up on Key Smart-Grid Project
type: news
date: 2010-09-13
categories: press-releases
excerpt: |
  CalConnect and OASIS, the Organization for the Advancement of Structured
  Information Systems, have been tasked jointly by the National Institute for
  Standards and Technology (NIST) to produce one of the standards that will make
  it possible to monitor, predict and manage power consumption.
---
:page-liquid:

*September 13, 2010* +
*CalConnect, OASIS Team Up on Key Smart-Grid Project*: CalConnect and
OASIS, the Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information
Systems, have been tasked jointly by the National Institute for
Standards and Technology (NIST) to produce one of the standards that
will make it possible to monitor, predict and manage power consumption:
see
link:{{'/docs/press-releases/20100913-calconnect-oasis.doc' | relative_url }}[CalConnect&#44;
OASIS&#44; Team Up on Key Smart-Grid Project]. For a PDF version see:
link:{{'/docs/press-releases/20100913-calconnect-oasis.pdf' | relative_url }}[CalConnect&#44;
OASIS&#44; Team Up on Key Smart-Grid Project].

*CalConnect, OASIS Team Up on Key Smart-Grid Project*

_Outcome May Have Big Potential Impact on Any Industry with Time-related
Problems_

*McKinleyville, CA – September 13, 2010 –*[.underline]#CalConnect# and
[.underline]#OASIS# have been tasked jointly by the National Institute
for Standards and Technology (NIST) to produce one of the standards that
will make it possible to monitor, predict and manage power consumption.
The standard known as WS-Calendar addresses the need for the accurate
and secure exchange of scheduling data in Smart Grid applications and
elsewhere.

“First and foremost, the result of our joint technical effort is
intrinsic to making the Smart Grid intelligent in terms of power
management,” says CalConnect Executive Director Dave Thewlis. “But
beyond that, it has profound implications for any other industry with
time-related issues, such as finance and medicine.”

At the outset of the WS-Calendar project, OASIS joined CalConnect and
CalConnect joined OASIS as part of a reciprocal membership agreement
between the two organizations. OASIS then formed the WS-Calendar
Technical Committee to adapt existing calendaring standards (those used
in human interactions) for Web services, while CalConnect’s XML
Technical Committee developed standards for use by and within
WS-Calendar.

“Existing calendaring standards are CalConnect’s home territory,”
Thewlis added, “and that is why collaborating with OASIS makes so much
sense in terms of technical expertise and efficiency.”

The WS-Calendar Committee’s work is based on the iCalendar (IETF RFC
5545) xCal XML serialization specification from CalConnect.org, and on
the CalWS-Restful Web Services Calendaring API specification developed
by CalConnect for this project, and which is a core part of WS-Calendar.

“Although the current impetus accelerating the development of
WS-Calendar is the needs of smart grids,” explained Toby Considine of
the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, chair of the OASIS
WS-Calendar Technical Committee, “the specification’s model for
requesting and coordinating service performance can be used wherever
different organizations must coordinate long running processes,
including business process applications, emergency management, and smart
buildings.”

Thewlis noted the importance of the CalWS work and the relationship with
OASIS by saying, “While CalWS was originally developed with the OASIS
Smart Grid effort in mind, it is our intention for it to evolve to
become a full web services interface for calendaring and scheduling
operations. Hence CalWS will continue to be enhanced, and CalConnect and
OASIS will work together to ensure that the CalConnect and OASIS
versions are fully harmonized going forward.”

Participation in the WS-Calendar Technical Committee is open to all
interested parties. Archives

of the Committee's work are accessible to both members and non-members.
OASIS is expected to announce a first public review of WS-Calendar 1.0
next month.

Participation in the XML Technical Committee is open to all members of
CalConnect. CalConnect will formally publish CalWS this month as a
CalConnect Proposal.

In recognition of the level and closeness of the joint work done by the
OASIS WS-Calendar Technical Committee and the CalConnect XML Technical
Committee, OASIS and CalConnect are providing press releases in
parallel; the OASIS release may be found at
[.underline]#http://www.oasis-open.org/news/oasis-news-2010-09-13.php#.

*About CalConnect* +
The Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium (CalConnect) is a partnership
among vendors, developers, and customers to advance calendaring and
scheduling standards and +
implementations. The mission is to provide mechanisms to allow
calendaring and scheduling methodologies to interoperate, and to promote
broad understanding of these methodologies so that calendaring and
scheduling tools and applications can enter the mainstream of computing.

The Consortium develops recommendations for improvement and extension of
relevant standards, develops requirements and use cases for calendaring
and scheduling specifications, conducts interoperability testing for
calendaring and scheduling implementations, and promotes calendaring and
scheduling.

Organizational members are Apple, Binary Tree, Cabo Communications,
Carnegie Mellon, dotCal, Eventful, Genentech, Google, IBM, IceWarp,
Intand, Kerio Technologies, MailSite, Microsoft, Mozilla Foundation,
NASA, New York University, Nokia, Notify Technology, OASIS, Oracle,
Patricia Egen Consulting, PeopleCube, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute,
Stanford University, Stockholm University, SWAMI (Swedish Alliance for
Middleware Infrastructure), Synchronica, University of California,
University of Wisconsin, Yahoo!, and Zimbra.

Additional information: +
OASIS WS-Calendar Technical Committee +
[.underline]#http://www.oasis-open.org/committees/ws-calendar/#

CalConnect XML Technical Committee +
[.underline]#http://www.calconnect.org/tc-xml.shtml#


