---
layout: page
title:  CalConnect Announces New Diverse Technical Leadership
type: news
date: 2012-08-06
categories: press-releases
excerpt: |
  CalConnect Announces New Diverse Technical Leadership
---
:page-liquid:

*August 6, 2012* +
*CalConnect Announces New Diverse Technical Leadership*:
link:{{'/docs/press-releases/20120806%20Steering%20Committee.pdf' | relative_url }}[20120806
Steering Committee.pdf].

*CalConnect Announces New Diverse Technical Leadership* +
_Major Vendors Join with Ed and Small Business; Set to Meet Next in
Zurich_

*August 6, 2012 – McKinleyville, CA –* CalConnect (The Calendaring and
Scheduling +
Consortium; [.underline]#www.CalConnect.org#) announces its technical
leadership team that takes office September 9. The organizations and
individual members assuming roles on the organization’s Steering
Committee represent a diverse and international membership. Major
corporate, university, and consumer-service members, as well as tech
start-ups, are dedicated to ensuring that consumers worldwide have
calendaring and scheduling software that interoperates to ensure
reliability on mobile and desktop platforms.

New members of CalConnect’s Steering Committee are:

*Andrew McMillan*, who developed the DAViCal CalDAV Server and the aCal
CalDAV Client for Android +
*Carnegie Mellon University*, currently developing the Cyrus CalDAV
Calendaring Server *Kerio Technologies*, a growing presence among U.S.
and European vendors that hosted the first full European CalConnect
event, including interoperability testing and roundtable technical
conferences +
*Intand*, the creator of Tandem for Schools, school calendar software
solutions

These new members join those remaining on the Steering Committee:
*Apple, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, University of California,* and
*Oracle*.

“Organizations and entrepreneurs just like our Steering Committee
members are among CalConnect’s founding members,” noted Executive
Director Dave Thewlis. “Standards and interoperability are central to
CalConnect’s mission and are strong core values of all our members—large
and small from around the world.”

The Consortium develops recommendations for improvement and extension of
relevant standards, develops requirements and use cases for calendaring
and scheduling specifications, develops initial specifications and
proposals submitted to relevant standards organizations for progression,
and conducts interoperability testing for calendaring and scheduling +
implementations, in support of its purpose to improve and promote
calendaring and scheduling.

Google is sponsoring CalConnect’s upcoming testing event and technical
meetings in Zurich, Switzerland October 1-5. CalConnect’s
interoperability test events offer those with calendaring
implementations a chance to test against others one-on-one. Events are
structured to allow “testing pairs” in which each participant gets a
chance to test with everyone in the course of the 2.5 days. Testing
events always accompany Roundtables, during which critical issues of
calendaring and scheduling specifications and market opportunities
dominate discussion.

Non-members are welcome to participate; contact the executive director at +
dave.thewlis@calconnect.org.

*About CalConnect*

The Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium (www.CalConnect.org) is a
partnership among vendors, developers, and customers to advance
calendaring and scheduling standards and implementations. The mission is
to provide mechanisms to allow calendaring and scheduling methodologies
to interoperate, and to promote broad understanding of these
methodologies so that calendaring and scheduling tools and applications
can enter the mainstream of computing.
The Consortium develops recommendations for improvement and extension of
relevant standards, develops requirements and use cases for calendaring
and scheduling specifications, conducts interoperability testing for
calendaring and scheduling implementations, and promotes calendaring and
scheduling.        234234234  

Members are AOL, Apple, Ralf Becker, Cabo Communications, Carnegie
Mellon, eM Client, Gershon Janssen, Google, Inc., IBM Corporation,
IceWarp, Ltd., Intand, Kerio Technologies, MailSite Software, Inc.,
Andrew McMillan, Microsoft, Mozilla Foundation, New York University,
Nokia Corporation, OASIS, The Omni Group, Oracle, Patricia Egen
Consulting, PeopleCube, Rensselaer Polytechnic Inst. (Bedework), Pascal
Robert, Synchronica Plc, TimeTrade Systems, University of California,
University of Wisconsin, Madison, Yahoo!, and Zimbra, a division of
VMware


